Let's create our bottle to represent a ticket.
So we're going to put together a new model file that's going to be just about identical to all the order
stuff we just wrote out in my models directory.
I'll make a new file called Tickets at the Top.
I will import mangoes from.
Mongoose.
And then we'll create our three interfaces right away.
We'll get an interface of ticket adders.
An interface of ticket doc which is going to extend Mongoose document.
At an interface of ticket model, which is going to extend mongoose model and we'll load in as a generic
ticket dock.
Now at this point, this is the first time that we are really seeing replication of data between services.
We have already written out code that looks just about identical to this inside of our tickets service.
So you might be curious, can we extract this code into our common shared library and then use that
inside of both these services, orders and tickets?
The answer is definitely.
Definitely not.
Definitely don't want to do it.
What we are writing out right here is a implementation or essentially code to save data to the database.
And this could potentially be very specific to the service that we are working in right now.
So we are going to put some attributes inside of here that are just attributes that the order service
alone needs to work correctly.
The only thing that the order service really needs to know about a given ticket is if you go back over
to this diagram.
The ticket's title price and that version thing as well.
Technically.
Also ID I'm just not showing it on this diagram.
There might be a tremendous number of additional pieces of information tied to a ticket that gets saved
inside of the ticket service.
But the order service doesn't care about all those additional properties that may or may not exist.
The Order Service only cares about title, price, version and ID.
That's it.
Nothing else.
So we definitely want to have different definitions of what a ticket is between orders and tickets.
Beyond that, our order service might eventually grow to encapsulate things that can be ordered or purchased
besides just tickets.
So maybe we can also purchase, say, parking spots or something like that, like a parking pass or
something for some sporting event or what have you.
We would probably want to encapsulate that logic under this order service as well and allow a user to
order a parking pass.
But a parking pass might have a very different set of attributes than a ticket.
So we would not want to essentially lock down the definition of what a ticket is between the order service
and the ticket service.
And that's why we're definitely going to make sure that we do not try to share the definition of exactly
what a ticket is as it gets safe to the database between these different services.
So with that in mind, let's continue on our implementation right here.
So on the ticket, we want to have a title price and we're not going to worry about the version just
yet.
Remember, that has to do with that concurrency stuff.
We're going to come back to that once we have the ability to actually see the concurrency stuff fail.
So right now on Ticket Adders, we're going to have only a title that is a string, a price.
That is a number.
Same thing on our ticket, doc, right now.
So titled as a string price.
That is a number.
And then on ticket muddle.
Once again, we're going to have that method of built.
This thing is going to get some actors that are of type ticket adders.
And it's going to return a ticket, doc.
Let's then build out our schema.
On the first object inside of here.
Let's list out all the different properties we want to have.
Be persistent to our database.
So we'll put in a title that is of type capital s string.
Don't forget that capital on there.
We definitely want to make sure that this thing is required.
And then a price.
There's going to be a type of number.
We'll say this thing is required through.
And we're going to assume that the price should always be positive.
I'm going to put in a minimum price of zero.
We do also have to define that to JSON method here as well.
So as a second argument, we'll put in another object defined to JSON.
You are transform.
Received dock and the return value.
And once again, let's dump ID.
Delete ret underscore id looks good.
Okay.
After that, we'll define that build method.
So ticket schema.
All right, come on.
Ticket schema.
There we go.
Static stop build.
We're going to take in the set of attributes which are of type ticket adders.
And the return a new ticket.
With those letters.
I'm getting an air around ticket schema, which makes me think I call this thing just schema up here.
We can stay consistent one way or the other.
I'll change the variable up here to ticket schema.
So I got to get schema right there consistent with ticket schema right there.
Then after that we will define the actual model.
So ticket is mongoose model.
Throw in the document type.
The model type.
We want to save this in a collection called Ticket.
Throw in the schema as the second argument.
And then finally we will export.
Ticket.
Now.
Little gotcha here.
Back inside of order.
We need to import into this order file the definition of what a ticket document is so that all these
interfaces actually work.
So we need to go back to our ticket file that we just put together.
We're going to go up to the very top where we define that interface of what a ticket document is.
We'll make sure that we export that so we can import it over into the order.
So I'll make sure I get it right there.
I'm going to save this file.
Well, then go back over to the order model file and at the top let's import ticket doc from.
Ticket.
And there we go.
So we've now got the ability to create a ticket.
We can save ticket to the database, we can load them.
Once we have an instance of a ticket, we can assign that ticket to an order either when it gets created.
Because remember, this interface is describing the properties that go into creating an order or and
we can also assign a ticket to an order instance as well or in order document.
Remember, this interface is about an instance of an order.
All right.
So I know at this point in time a lot of the stuff probably still, as with many things in this course,
probably seems a little bit nasty.
Trust me, as soon as we start to write out a little bit more code here and we start to run into issues
specifically around some concurrency stuff and event handling, you're going to start to see it really
quickly on why we've got these two separate models, why we are using this kind of population stuff
and a lot of other things are going to start to become clear.
So let's take a pause right here.
Continue chugging on in the next video.